{
  "source_summary_path": "/Users/howardberends/Documents/Alter/granola_sync/input/summaries/2026-01-20_Team-Meeting_summary.md",
  "project": "needs_triage",
  "summary": "During the team meeting, Vinod expressed the need for Git and logo files. It was agreed to set up a call for the following Monday at 11:00 AM to discuss further details. The team is focused on ensuring all necessary resources are available for upcoming projects.",
  "decisions": [
    "Set up a call for next Monday at 11:00 AM."
  ],
  "items": [
    {
      "title": "Provide Git and logo files",
      "details": "Vinod needs access to the Git repository and logo files for the project. Ensure that the files are shared before the next meeting.",
      "owner": "msherban23@gmail.com",
      "due": "2026-01-23"
    },
    {
      "title": "Schedule a call",
      "details": "Set up a call for next Monday at 11:00 AM to discuss project details.",
      "owner": null,
      "due": "2026-01-23"
    }
  ]
}