# Alter Summary

**Source:** /Users/howardberends/Documents/Alter/granola_sync/input/summaries/2026-01-20_Team-Meeting_summary.md
**Project:** needs_triage

## Summary

During the team meeting, Vinod expressed the need for Git and logo files. It was agreed to set up a call for the following Monday at 11:00 AM to discuss further details. The team is focused on ensuring all necessary resources are available for upcoming projects.

## Decisions

- Set up a call for next Monday at 11:00 AM.

## Action Items

- Provide Git and logo files
- Schedule a call
